Tweaks to PSE (#29)
OctopusDeploy/People: Software-Engineering.md

- I have a deep understanding of Octopus products and our strategy
- I identify significant problems, inhibitors and opportunities, and advocate for solutions that align our strategy and Engineering efforts
- I collaborate with others to articulate solutions, positively influence and convince that we should fund their implementation

> - My contributions are strategic and take our Engineering team, and Octopus as a whole, to the next level

Reviewer: Can we clarify what "next level" means?

Author: I agree this is vague. 
That being said, this seems to be one of the terms that people don't have a problem to understand. I've used it multiple times and it didn't cause any confusion. In other words, I think people should not have a problem to assess whether an idea is taking Octopus to the next level or not.

I would like to make it more concrete but I'm not sure how.  
Do you have any suggestions?

Reviewer: > Do you have any suggestions?

Yes. When I think "take to the next level", I interpret that as meaning "leave in a stronger strategic position" 😄

Author: This is a PR for a branch so we can evolve it in the PSE branch.

Author: > Yes. When I think "take to the next level", I interpret that as meaning "leave in a stronger strategic position

The same level of vagueness :)

### I am trusted to take care of a large, critical or complex strategic area or product

> - I am comfortable taking on a major challenge that requires to build or re-architect an important part of Octopus ecosystem (e.g. Modularity, Octopus Cloud)

Reviewer: Suggest phrasing such that new starters can understand, e.g.:

```suggestion
- I am comfortable taking on a major challenge that requires building or re-architecting an important part of the Octopus ecosystem (e.g. re-architecting Octopus Server to allow for plugin functionality, or creating a new Octopus Cloud platform)
```

Author: > Suggest phrasing such that new starters can understand, e.g.:

My goal is to be as specific here as possible.  Every company has a plugin system which does something else but there has been only one Modularity project at Octopus.  I would expect new people to learn about the project and understand why it was important for us.

> - I identify teams with the necessary skills, work out how to fill gaps, and guide and influence these teams collaboratively

Reviewer: I imagine finding ways to persuade for the necessary teams to be created (e.g. via internally recruitment or restructuring) is important, too?

```suggestion
- I identify people and teams with the necessary skills, work out how to fill gaps, and guide and influence these people and teams collaboratively
```
